fix other-issue.md issue template (#1432)
GPflow/GPflow: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/other-issue.md

---
name: '"How do I do ..." and other issues'

> about: Please post "how do I do ..." questions on StackOverflow with the `gpflow`
>   tag.

Author: ```suggestion
about: Please consider asking your question on StackOverflow and tagging it "gpflow".
```
